Editorial pass, part 1 (#4116)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

and server. The primary purpose of a connection is to support the structured
exchange of data by an application protocol.

> Within a connection, streams are the means by which an application protocol

Reviewer: I don't like this change much.

Author: The paragraph above talks about connection, and the following paragraph talks about setting one up. Streams are brought up here first but their relationship to connections is not clear, even after reading this paragraph. I wanted some glue.

> exchanges information.  Streams are ordered sequences of bytes. Two types of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application protocols exchange information over a QUIC connection via streams, which
are ordered sequences of bytes. Two types of
```

This document does not define an API for QUIC, but instead defines a set of
functions on streams that application protocols can rely upon.  An application

> protocol can assume that an QUIC implementation provides an interface that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocol can assume that a QUIC implementation provides an interface that
```

pressure on the sender, streams are flow controlled both individually and as an
aggregate.  A QUIC receiver controls the maximum amount of data the sender can
send on a stream at any time, as described in {{data-flow-control}} and
{{fc-credit}}.

Similarly, to limit concurrency within a connection, a QUIC endpoint controls
the maximum cumulative number of streams that its peer can initiate, as
described in {{controlling-concurrency}}.

Data sent in CRYPTO frames is not flow controlled in the same way as stream
data.  QUIC relies on the cryptographic protocol implementation to avoid
excessive buffering of data; see {{QUIC-TLS}}. To avoid excessive buffering at
multiple layers, QUIC implementations SHOULD provide an interface for the

> cryptographic protocol implementation to communicate its buffering limits to the
> QUIC implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cryptographic protocol implementation to communicate its buffering limits.
```

advertising a smaller limit has no effect.  A receiver MUST ignore any
MAX_STREAMS frame that does not increase the stream limit.

> As with stream and connection flow control, this document leaves to
> implementations the decisions of when and how many streams should be advertised

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with stream and connection flow control, this document leaves implementations
to decide when and how many streams should be advertised
```
